Okay, so now I will briefly also touch upon the other
features that we're working very
hard for the coming months.
First of all, test automation.
We are working on detecting certain function executions in
the backend so that you can
automatically choose which executions could be tests and
then you can automatically test
them.
We already have a user interface for that but it's still
very experimental so it's not
ready yet.
The second thing is which is kind of related, this
execution monitoring so you can see all
your functions that are executed on the backend and you can
monitor the executions.
Also there is going to be which is one of the most
important things actually.
There's going to be a monetization layer on top of type
repo out of the box which means
that for startups it's very easy to monetize anything you
create.
That's going to really, really shorten your time to market
because you don't have to
build your own integration with something like Stripe
because you just have to provide
your token and then you can from the type repo user
interface create your own settings
for payments for different things.
That's something I'm very excited about but it's going to
take a couple months at least.
Then the most important that we still didn't finish yet is
the authentication and authorization
layer.
That's something that really needs to be there in my
opinion and it will help you to when
you start a new project to immediately have login, sign up,
two factor authentication,
authorization, groups, roles, everything you want in a
regular platform out of the box
so that you don't have to reinvent the wheel.
Last but not least, we want to make it very easy for
developers, for code creators to
earn money with their code that they make.
We're going to build a code marketplace where you can
create your own code and share it not
only open source but also earn money with the code.
There are going to be multiple business models coupled to
it so you can for example earn
for a one-time fee when people buy your source or maybe you
want to earn money by paying
for execution.
These things are something we're working on right now.
These are some insights on the things we're still working
on and in the coming months,
these things will be added to type repo.
Hope you like it.
Let me know what you think and see you in the community.